[Music]
time tick tock we live only a tiny
fraction of time that our planet has
been around for even humanity itself is
very young but lifespan is a really
relative term there are creatures on our
planet that live much shorter lives than
as humans and those who outlive all of
us by far while some are close to
immortality
see for yourself may fly 24 hours or
less has the shortest lifespan on earth
[Music]
drone ant
3 days is the shortest living among ants
[Music]
male mosquito one week doesn't drink why
good to know
[Music]
housefly 15 to 25 days can lay up to a
thousand eggs in its lifetime female
mosquito one month does drink blood no
Dragonfly four months the largest
extinct dragonfly had a wingspan of 30
inches bedbug up to six months they have
seven stages of life moan jellyfish up
to 18 months the most popular jellyfish
in the world
white on Instagram house Mouse one year
can squeeze into a quarter inch hole
[Music]
panther chameleon one year the shortest
lived among reptiles small three years
moles have kitchens where they store
food pigeon for years homing pigeons are
easy to trade for mail delivery guinea
pig for years they have best buds and
recognize their owners honeybee five
years hive mind gives them a sort of
telepathy Dumbo octopus five years there
Dumbo ears are fins at the top red panda
seven years they use their tails to
cover from cold oh possum
eight years not to be confused with
possum more on that later
chicken nine years the most popular
poultry in the world
[Laughter]
kangaroo ten years they can use their
tail as a lever to box with their hind
legs hummingbird 12 years their hearts
make 1200 beats per minute
Cheeta at 12 years the fastest land
animal alive rush tale opossum 13 years
these ones are related to kangaroos dog
13 years the Great Dane can reach over
seven feet standing on its hind legs
Tiger 15 years the largest of the cat
species domestic cat 16 years Maine
Coons reach over three feet in body
length platypus 7 years the only
venomous mammal in the world other than
say old girlfriends just kidding cow 20
years knickers the steer is the tallest
bovine ever with six feet four inches in
height lion 20 years females usually do
all the hunting for the lion pride while
males rest polar bear 20 to 30 years
polar bears are apex predators they have
no natural enemies Queen and twenty to
thirty years mother to thousands of ants
[Music]
giraffe 25 years the tallest living
creature in the world grizzly bear 30
years they can run at 30 miles per hour
and climb trees bald eagle 32 years one
of the most famous symbols of the USA
giant panda 35 years they have a pseudo
thumb they used to hold bamboo force 40
years the press Rocky's horse is the
only truly wild member of the species
camel 40 years there are two types of
camels dromedary one hump and bacteria
two humps common goldfish up to 40 years
not in my house the oldest goldfish
lived for 43 years
orangutans 45 years their arm span is
bigger than their height white
rhinoceros 50 years it's not actually
white bud dark gray Andean Condor 50
years the largest bird in the world
Laysan albatross 55 years they're
incredibly clumsy on land tuatara 60
years they have a third eye on top of
their heads longfin eel 60 years no one
knows where they give birth to their
young macaw 65 years some ëcause live
more than 100 years human 68 to 73 years
on average your mileage may vary
we're the most numerous mammals on earth
home 65 years it's called human fish for
its fleshy skin African bush elephant 70
years mother Bush elephants bear their
cubs for 22 months great white shark 70
years they can't stop swimming to stay
alive
japanese koi fish over 70 years can
potentially live for hundreds of years
Orca 75 years
they can even Hodgins gray whale 77
years small creatures covered skin
making it look patched Kokubo 80 years
the world's only flightless parrot
[Music]
European eel 88 years in its first stage
of life it's virtually transparent blue
whale 90 years the biggest animal that
ever lived
[Music]
Nile crocodile 95 years they may have
lived alongside dinosaurs pacific ocean
perch 98 years they wish they could be
centenarians American lobster 100 years
there's such a thing as a rainbow
lobster Japanese spider crab 100 years
their long legs are exceptionally
brittle white sturgeon 104 years an
important of food fish
freshwater pearl mussel over 110 years
pearls are in fact pieces of debris
covered in mucus Aldabra giant tortoise
120 years the largest tortoise on the
planet Mediterranean spur-thighed
tortoise 125 years a popular pet reptile
Rufai rockfish 140 years some fish can
live to be more than 200 years old
geoduck 150 years both the largest and
longest living mollusk on Earth lake
sturgeon 152 years member of a family of
27 species Galapagos tortoise 170 years
the oldest living tortoises orange
roughy 175 years some of the few
deepwater fish that go to food bowhead
whale 200 years they can leap entirely
out of the water red sea urchin 210
years it has feet protruding from its
belly quoi hog clam 225 years the oldest
clam 507 years old was conceived during
Chinese Ming Dynasty giant - born 250
years it consists of numerous tiny
creatures that are constantly recycled
Greenland shark over 270 years the
longest living vertebrae giant tube
sponge over 2000 years despite the lack
of any organs they can feed and
reproduce coral reef 4000 years
Great Barrier Reef is visible from space
turritopsis dohrnii forever it's
biologically immortal can go back to
being a polyp and grow up again
infinitely well that's all I have time
for
[Music]